 Hyperledger Fabric is a platform for distributed ledger solutions underpinned by a modular of confidentiality, resiliency, flexibility, and scalability. It is designed to support pluggable implementations of different components and accommodate the complexity and intricacies that exist across the economic ecosystem. Hyperledger Fabric is one of the blockchain projects within Hyperledger architecture delivering high degrees. Like other blockchain technologies, it has a ledger, uses smart contracts, and is a system by which participants manage their transactions.Where Hyperledger Fabric breaks from some other blockchain systems is that it is private and permissioned. Rather than an open permissionless system that allows unknown identities to participate in the network the members of a Hyperledger Fabric network enroll through a trusted Membership Service Provider (MSP). Hyperledger Fabric also offers several pluggable options. Ledger data can be stored in multiple formats, consensus mechanisms can be swapped in and out, and different MSPs are supported. 
          Hyperledger Fabric also offers the ability to reate channels, allowing a group of participants to create a separate ledger of transactions. This is an especially important option for networks where some participants might be competitors and not want every transaction they make — a special price they’re offering to some participants and not others, for example — known to every participant. If two participants form a channel, then those participants — and no others — have copies of the ledger for that channel. Hyperledger composer is a framework for writing a blockchain network’s chaincode and to deploy the business network in Hyperledger Fabric.
Following are the key features of Hyperledger Fabric that fulfill its promise of customizable enterprise Blockchain
	Assets: Enable the exchange of monetary value over the network.
	Chaincode: Partitioned from transaction ordering, limiting the required levels of trust and verification across node types, and optimizing network scalability and performance.
	Ledger Features: Encodes the entire transaction history for each channel, and includes SQL-like query capability Privacy through
	Channels: Enable multi-lateral transactions with the high degrees of privacy and confidentiality.
	Security & Membership Services: In Permissioned membership participants know that all transactions can be detected and traced by authorized regulators and auditors.
	Consensus: Allow network starters to choose a consensus mechanism that best represents the relationships that exist between participants.
Smart Contract:
            Hyperledger Fabric smart contracts are written in chaincode and are invoked by an application external to the blockchain when that application needs to interact with the ledger. In most cases, chaincode interacts only with the database component of the ledger, the world state (querying it, for example), and not the transaction log.Chaincode can be implemented in several programming languages. Currently, Go and Node are supported.
On the role of privacy.Depending on the needs of a network, participants in a Business-to-Business (B2B) network might be extremely sensitive about how much information they share. For other networks, privacy will not be a top concern.
Hyperledger Fabric supports networks where privacy (using channels) is a key operational requirement as well as networks that are comparatively open.
Hyperledger aims to advance blockchain technology that confederate in the cross-industry to open standard platform for distributed ledgers, which can transform the way business transactions are controlled globally.
